When Tet (Vietnamese New Year) comes around, many
young people wonder
what kind of gifts to buy when visiting their boyfriend's family. It's like when
parents ask their children, and sometimes they do
n't know
how to answer
satisfactorily. So today, I'd like to share
my opinion based on a
question from a young person: "
My boyfriend and I have been dating for
7 months and we're thinking about a
long-term relationship. Recently, we
talked about choosing Tet gifts for
his family, which is also our first time meeting them. My
boyfriend said, 'Just coming to visit is
enough, I don't need to buy anything,
my parents are easygoing.' I replied, 'I can't afford expensive gifts, but I feel
awkward about cheap ones.' What should I do?
And how should I behave when visiting my boyfriend's family?
Please give me some
advice. I'm asking the elders here, who are older,
or those who are just in love (
not considering the case of parents deciding everything for their children), do
we have
any concerns?"  My initial concern was that,
to resolve this issue for
you, as a girl, I first
had to consider your
boyfriend's behavior. He should have bought gifts for both your
family and his family.
According to common sense,
boys usually buy gifts for
ancestral worship, for example, during Tet (Vietnamese New Year), they might bring
sweets or something similar to send to your
parents' house for ancestral worship.
It's easy for boys to buy a gift bag for Tet and send it to their
girlfriend's house. But for girls, it's
really difficult to handle
this situation. Buying gifts to send to ancestral worship is risky; they might
say you're bringing gifts to
their house for ancestral worship, and they might be criticized. It's quite
awkward. So,
according to Yen, you could buy a small gift package
containing about two ginseng roots. Two, three, four, or five
ginseng roots are very
meaningful. Ginseng isn't just for Tet or
any special occasion;
it's very appropriate to buy it to visit and wish them good health.  No,
we could wrap a gift package
containing two ginseng roots to give as a
New Year's gift. Wishing everyone good
health and well-being,
that way we'll be truly healthy from the inside
out, and no one will criticize us. Even if we're not in
love anymore, we can still be friends,
right? It's very easy. Or if
we buy gifts, during Tet (Vietnamese New Year), most
families already have a lot of gifts, and
sometimes our gifts
can't be offered as incense, so we just
put them down. That
's just the way things are. Look, this is a
gift from your girlfriend, eat it!
Sometimes it's a bit silly to bring it out.
But if you buy
ginseng roots, say, "This is a gift from my girlfriend
from before." Because ginseng is only good when you're sick,
you can cut the ginseng root and store it
in the refrigerator. It'll last a while, and
when you're sick, you can eat it and remember your girlfriend. Is that okay? That way,
she
solves the problem: it's cheap, nutritious, meaningful,
and perfect for visiting her
boyfriend's house at the beginning of the year. Of course.
You all wished each other a Happy New Year, and your
boyfriend introduced you as his friend.
Then the teacher had to
ask questions like, "Where do you live?", "
What year are you in school?", or "What do you do?". You have to
answer truthfully. After
answering, if the whole family invites
you to stay for dinner, you have to ask permission. Participating in
cooking is right, and after eating, you
have to help clean up and wash the dishes with
the family. That's how
friendships are treated. Friends
behave that way, so just be natural like friends.
We should treat each other the same way; there's nothing that
needs to be different.
When you visit a friend's house, whether it's a girlfriend or a
boyfriend, you have to help in the kitchen; you can't just
let them serve you.
And after eating, you do the same at your girlfriend's house,
at your boyfriend's house,
at home, or at relatives' houses—you
have to wash the dishes. So,
behave as if you're visiting a friend's house
naturally, don't
force anything, just live comfortably.
But live...  Be comfortable within the realm of
good morals, not within
the realm of bad morals. We don't need to
live a fake life. We should behave as we do
at home, and that's how
we behave outside. It's very
convenient for you when interacting with others.
Don't worry about the New Year or the Old Year.
The elders often say, "Eat from the pot,
sit and watch the direction." If we
know how to improve ourselves,
we will be very natural wherever we go
without any complaints.
Usually, spoiled daughters,
when they go to someone's house, will react with a little bit of "
this and that," and end up
being hindered from the start. But if we treat it
like going to a friend's house, and if there's anything we can do,
we can say, "How do I do this,
sir/madam? Is this okay?" It's
just like going to a friend's house, and it's much easier for us.
So, I'd like to share this with
young people and also with fellow practitioners who
have daughters. If you want to
advise your daughter on going to a friend's house...  When visiting your girlfriend's family,
how do guys treat their girlfriends? For guys,
if you're visiting your girlfriend's family, you should
definitely bring a gift
before Tet (Lunar New Year). It
depends on your means; there's no need to be pretentious.
You could bring incense sticks,
incense cakes,
or something else – it's up to you.
Bring whatever you have. That's what you
call showing care and
concern. Treat her parents like your own,
be caring and responsible. If you
take her out for three
hours, ask for three hours, don't ask for
three hours and then come back five hours – that will
destroy trust. If you ask for a few hours,
just stay for those few hours and come back. And when you're
there, treat her like
your own family. Guys, do the same. When you're
visiting, you can
help out with things
your girlfriend is doing.
For example, if she's in the kitchen,
chat with her for a while, and then...  If you can help in the kitchen
like that, it will create a warm atmosphere; don't let it become
distant. A warm family atmosphere is
always good.
[Music]
ch I